[LISKDOCS-51] Add hardhat test example (#301)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/building-on-lisk/deploying-smart-contract/with-Hardhat.md

}
```

## Testing the contract

> To test our contract, we are going to use [Hardhat Network](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-network/docs/overview), a local Ethereum network designed for development.
> It comes built-in with Hardhat, and it's used as the default network.
> You don't need to setup anything to use it.
> 
> In our tests we're going to use [ethers.js](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/plugins/nomicfoundation-hardhat-ethers) to interact with the NFT contract we built in the previous section, and we'll use [Mocha](https://mochajs.org/) as our test runner.

Reviewer: Maybe we can update the section to be more structured by using a point-based format, something like:
 
```suggestion
To test our NFT contract, we’ll use:
- **Hardhat Network** – A local Ethereum network for development. It comes built-in with Hardhat, and it's used as the default network.
- **Ethers.js** – To interact with the contract.
- **Mocha** – For test runner and assertions.
```

> Create a new directory called `test` inside our project root directory and create a new file in there called `NFT.js` and add the following code:

Reviewer: May be we can add sub-section for this.
```suggestion
###  Setting up the test file
Create a new directory called `test` inside our project root directory and create a new file in there called `NFT.js` and add the following code:
```

    expect(await nftToken.balanceOf(owner.address)).to.equal(1);
  });
});
```

First, we import the `expect` function from the [Chai](https://www.chaijs.com/) library, to be able to use it in our unit test for the contract.

If you set up your project to use the hardhat toolbox like explained in step [Creating a project](#creating-a-project), you already have ethers available in your project out of the box. Otherwise you can install the ethers plugin for Hardhat as described [here](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/plugins/nomicfoundation-hardhat-ethers).
Hardhat-Ethers has the same API as [ethers.js](https://docs.ethers.org/v6/), with some extra [Hardhat-specific](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/plugins/nomicfoundation-hardhat-ethers#helpers) functionality, that we are going to use in the test for the contract.

Next, we deploy the NFT contract inside the `beforeEach()` function, so the contract is always deployed, if we decide to add more tests for the contract in the future.

Then we define the test `Should allow to mint a new NFT` to verify that calling the `.mint()` function of the NFT mints a new NFT and adds it to the balance of the account that minted it.

> Now, run `npx hardhat test` in your terminal. 

Reviewer: Sub-section for running test.
```suggestion
### Running the Test
Now, run `npx hardhat test` in your terminal. 
```

> 

Reviewer 2: **Line 64**

Before creating a node project, one needs to create a new folder so that all the commands mentioned in the subsequent text can be executed in this new folder. From the guide, I see that the `hardhat-test` folder was already created and used. Please add a line to describe this.

After successful compilation, you should see a new folder `artifacts/`, which contains the [compilation artifacts](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/docs/advanced/artifacts).

## Testing the contract
To test our NFT contract, we’ll use:

- **Hardhat Network** – A local Ethereum network for development.

> It comes built-in with Hardhat, and it's used as the default network.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Hardhat Network** – A local Ethereum network for development.
It comes built-in with Hardhat and is used as the default network.
```

- **Ethers.js** – To interact with the contract.
- **Mocha** – For test runner and assertions.

###  Setting up the test file

> Create a new directory called `test` inside our project root directory and create a new file in there called `NFT.js` and add the following code:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a new directory called `test` inside our project root directory. 
Then, create a new file in there called `NFT.js`, and add the following code:
```

```js title="test/NFT.js"
const { expect } = require("chai");

describe("NFT", function () {
  let nftToken;

  beforeEach(async () => {
    // Deploy contract
    const NFT = await ethers.getContractFactory("NFT");
    nftToken = await NFT.deploy();
  });

  it("Should allow to mint a new NFT", async function () {
    const [owner] = await ethers.getSigners();

>     // Before minting of the NFT, the account balance for this NFT should be zero.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // Before minting the NFT, the account balance for this NFT should be zero.
```

    expect(await nftToken.balanceOf(owner.address)).to.equal(0);
    // Mint the NFT
    await nftToken.mint(owner.address);

>     // After minting of the NFT, the account balance for this NFT should be 1 for the account that minted the token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // After minting the NFT, the account balance for this NFT should be 1 for the account that minted the token.
```

    expect(await nftToken.balanceOf(owner.address)).to.equal(1);
  });
});
```

First, we import the `expect` function from the [Chai](https://www.chaijs.com/) library, to be able to use it in our unit test for the contract.

If you set up your project to use the hardhat toolbox like explained in step [Creating a project](#creating-a-project), you already have ethers available in your project out of the box.

> Otherwise you can install the ethers plugin for Hardhat as described [here](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/plugins/nomicfoundation-hardhat-ethers).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Otherwise, you can install the ethers plugin for Hardhat as described in the [hardhat-ethers](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/plugins/nomicfoundation-hardhat-ethers)' reference page.
```

Hardhat-Ethers has the same API as [ethers.js](https://docs.ethers.org/v6/), with some extra [Hardhat-specific](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/plugins/nomicfoundation-hardhat-ethers#helpers) functionality, that we are going to use in the test for the contract.

Next, we deploy the NFT contract inside the `beforeEach()` function, so the contract is always deployed, if we decide to add more tests for the contract in the future.

> Then we define the test `Should allow to mint a new NFT` to verify that calling the `.mint()` function of the NFT mints a new NFT and adds it to the balance of the account that minted it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, we define the test `Should allow to mint a new NFT` to verify that calling the `.mint()` function of the NFT mints a new NFT and adds it to the balance of the account that minted it.
```

### Running the Test
Now, run `npx hardhat test` in your terminal. 

You should see the following output:

```sh
% npx hardhat test

  NFT
    ✔ Should allow to mint a new NFT (92ms)

  1 passing (1s)
```

> This indicates that that the test was executed successfully.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This indicates that the test was executed successfully.
```

> For more information how to test smart contracts with Hardhat, check the [Hardhat documentation](https://hardhat.org/tutorial/testing-contracts).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information on how to test smart contracts with Hardhat, check the [Hardhat documentation](https://hardhat.org/tutorial/testing-contracts).
```

  let nftToken;

  beforeEach(async () => {
    // Deploy contract
    const NFT = await ethers.getContractFactory("NFT");
    nftToken = await NFT.deploy();
  });

  it("Should allow to mint a new NFT", async function () {
    const [owner] = await ethers.getSigners();
    // Before minting the NFT, the account balance for this NFT should be zero.
    expect(await nftToken.balanceOf(owner.address)).to.equal(0);
    // Mint the NFT
    await nftToken.mint(owner.address);
    // After minting the NFT, the account balance for this NFT should be 1 for the account that minted the token.
    expect(await nftToken.balanceOf(owner.address)).to.equal(1);
  });
});
```

First, we import the `expect` function from the [Chai](https://www.chaijs.com/) library, to be able to use it in our unit test for the contract.

If you set up your project to use the hardhat toolbox like explained in step [Creating a project](#creating-a-project), you already have ethers available in your project out of the box.
Otherwise, you can install the ethers plugin for Hardhat as described in the [hardhat-ethers](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/plugins/nomicfoundation-hardhat-ethers)' reference page.

> Hardhat-Ethers has the same API as [ethers.js](https://docs.ethers.org/v6/), with some extra [Hardhat-specific](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/plugins/nomicfoundation-hardhat-ethers#helpers) functionality, that we are going to use in the test for the contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hardhat-Ethers plugin has the same API as [ethers.js](https://docs.ethers.org/v6/), with some additional [Hardhat-specific](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/plugins/nomicfoundation-hardhat-ethers#helpers) features, that we are going to use in the test for the contract.
```

> Next, we deploy the NFT contract inside the `beforeEach()` function, so the contract is always deployed, if we decide to add more tests for the contract in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we deploy the NFT contract inside the `beforeEach()` hook, ensuring the contract is always deployed before each test. This setup makes it easy to add additional test cases later.```

> Then, we define the test `Should allow to mint a new NFT` to verify that calling the `.mint()` function of the NFT mints a new NFT and adds it to the balance of the account that minted it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, we define a test case `Should allow to mint a new NFT` to verify that calling the `.mint()` function of the NFT contract mints a new NFT and adds it to the balance of the account that minted it.
```
